Doc: Add new PyAVD python requirement "python-socks[asyncio]" to release notes (#5977)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: docs/release-notes/6.x.x.md

  - PyAVD no longer requires the `cvprac`,  treelib` and `jsonschema` libraries.
  - PyAVD now requires the `cryptography` Python library to be version 43.0.0 or higher.<br>
    The latest version can be installed with `pip install "cryptography>=43.0.0" --upgrade`.
  - PyAVD now requires the `python-socks[asyncio]` Python library to be version 2.7.2 or higher.<br>

>     The latest version can be installed with with `pip install "python-socks[asyncio]>=2.7.2" --upgrade`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - PyAVD now requires the `python-socks[asyncio]` Python library to be version 2.7.2 or higher. It will be installed automatically when upgrading pyavd.
```
